fix(cli): add retry to getLogs when getting resource ID's (#2709)
latticexyz/mud: .changeset/five-pots-switch.md

---
"@latticexyz/cli": patch
---

> Fixed `""block is out of range"` errors in the deployer by adding retry logic to the `getLogs` call in the `getResourceIds` function. Previously, fetching the logs could fail if the RPC was out of sync.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploying now retries on "block is out of range" errors, for cases where the RPC is load balanced and out of sync.
```
